Added section "Creating a new release" to README (#7)
Automattic/stream-builder: README.md

Once approved, we will merge your PR and publish a new version. You can then update the version number in your `composer.json` file and deploy your changes.

All breaking changes will be published as a major version. If you are using a major version, you will need to update your code to use the new interfaces. We don't expect that to occur often.

## Creating a new release

> **Only applies to Automatticians**

Reviewer: is there a special user group who has access to do this, or is it anyone/everyone in the Automattic team here on github?

Author: I am not sure what you mean, but based on your comment I created a rule for all tags that essentially restrict the creation of tags to those who have write access: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/configuring-tag-protection-rules

I am confused if external users have write access, but for sure all a12s have it.

Reviewer 2: Invited external users will have that access IIRC. I'd remove this line altogether because total strangers won't be able to make a release in the first place.

Author: > I'd remove this line altogether because total strangers won't be able to make a release in the first place.

Isn't that the case that it only applies to a12s then? The invited external users are the exception, and I have never seen we do that.

Reviewer: i would suggest leaving something here about who exactly has access to do this, to prevent random passerbys from thinking they can cut releases. also, it's just good documentation to have, in case we ourselves forget who can do this.

Author: I could change it to "This only applies to folks with write permissions" but I think this would be more confusing for both external users and a12s where they will think "do I have these permissions?". So unless there is a better suggestion, I rather keep it like this.

Reviewer: maybe

```suggestion
**Only applies to Automatticians with repository write permissions**
```

😅 

otherwise, no big deal

> 1. Merged the PR you want to ship? No? Head back to the Contributing section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Merge your change via a PR in this repository; see the Contributing section.
```

2. Head over to https://github.com/Automattic/stream-builder/releases and click "Draft a new release".

> 3. Select "Choose a tag" and create a new version if you haven't already. Not a breaking change? Increment the minor version by 0.0.1. Breaking change? Increment the major version by 0.1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select "Choose a tag" and create a new version if you haven't already. Not a breaking change? Increment the minor version by 0.1.0 or patch version by 0.0.1. Breaking change? Increment the major version by 1.0.0.
```

technically the first number is MAJOR, the second is MINOR, and the third is PATCH, if we're truly following the [semver standard](https://semver.org/)

Reviewer 2: Composer has own interpretation for major versions for versions under 1.0 so @marco-altran is correct here.

https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/versions.md#caret-version-range-

Reviewer: oh. of course composer makes this confusing. 🙃  TIL, thanks!

4. Make sure you are targeting the `main` branch.

> 5. Click generate release notes. This will generate a list of all the PRs merged since the last release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click "generate release notes". This will generate a list of all the PRs merged since the last release.
```

6. Hit the green "Publish release" button.

> Are you a Tumblr employee? You can now update the version number in the `Tumblr/composer.json` file and deploy your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are you a Tumblr employee? You can now update the version number in any internal `composer.json` files and deploy your changes.
```
